My Kinks
Anon: Short for "anonymous." This usually indicates a preference not to know a lot of personal details before connecting.
Bator: Short for 'masturbator.' A person who enjoys solo play, often as a focused kink. Sometimes connected to edging or exhibitionism.
BB: An acronym for “bareback,” or penetrative  sex without a condom.
BDSM: An umbrella term for Bondage, Discipline, Dominance, Submission, Sadism, and Masochism—exploring power dynamics and sensory experiences.
Bondage: Enjoys the state or practice of being physically restrained, tied up, chained, or put in handcuffs, for sexual gratification.
Brat: Recognized within BDSM as a playful, rebellious submissive who enjoys pushing boundaries and playful resistance as part of power dynamics.
Breeding: Engaging in or desiring unprotected sex, often with an emphasis on the act of ejaculation.
Bubblebutt: Has a symmetrical, smooth, round and soft butt.
Carplay: Having sexual relations in a car. 
Chastity: Has an interest in having their genitals locked down or otherwise restrained. This person might also not be looking for sex or has vowed celibacy.
CMNM: Clothed Male Naked Male - a fetish dynamic where one male remains clothed while the other is nude.
Commando: Prefers not wearing underwear, potentially as a fetish.
Condoms: Practices sex with condoms. 
Condomsonly: Condoms are their chosen form of protection all of the time. 
Cruising: Looking for partners. 
Cuck: Involved in or interested in cuckolding scenarios — watching a partner engage with others.
Cumdump: A term for those who enjoy being the recipient of multiple partners' ejaculations.
Cut: Circumcised.
Deepthroat: A sexual activity involving full oral insertion of a partner's penis into the throat.
Dirty: Refers to their interests in sex (dirty kinks, dirty armpits, dirty talk) rather than hygiene, STI status or substance use. 
Discreet: Wants to keep their private life private. This person may or may not be out about their LGBTQ identity or their kinks.
DL: An acronym for "down-low" meaning closeted or seeking hooking up outside a relationship.
Dom: Short for "dominant" (and the “D” in BDSM), a dom is the aggressive partner who typically takes charge during a sexual session. The dom serves to satisfy a sub who, in a healthy BDSM relationship, has already expressed their boundaries prior to play. Note: the dom may not always be a top.
DTF: An acronym for “down to fuck" meaning open to connections that center having sex. 
Edging: Takes the long road to orgasm by repeatedly nearing and denying climax, building toward a deeper, stronger orgasm.
Eyecontact: The act of holding gaze with someone, often seen as intimate or flirtatious.
Feet: This person is aroused by feet, by their own or other people's. 
Femboy: A gender expression combining feminine presentation with boyish charm, often characterized by soft, androgynous looks.
FF: An acronym which means "fist fucking." This person likes inserting the entire hand into someone's hole. One may be an FF top, and FF bottom, or both.
Fingering: The act of using fingers for sexual stimulation of a partner.
Flexible: This person is physically flexible. Could also be referring to their sexuality.
Foreplay: The activities leading up to sexual intercourse, building anticipation and connection.
Frot: A form of mutual masturbation where two people rub their penises together.
Furries: Has a sexual interest in anthropomorphic characters or animal-like characters. The fetish may also include an attraction to stuffed animals or wearing costumes and isn’t necessarily sexual.
Furry: Part of the furry community, which involves an interest in anthropomorphic animal characters.
FWB: An acronym for “friends with benefits,” the benefit of which is sex. May be looking for ongoing sex with someone but not necessarily in a romantic way.
Gear: Is aroused by fetish gear, such as harnesses, restraints, and the like. 
GH: An acronym for “glory hole,” which are fist-sized holes used mostly for anonymous handjobs, oral, and penetrative sex. They’re typically found in bathhouses, adult theaters, restrooms, and even people’s homes. 
Gooner: Someone who gets deeply immersed in porn or masturbation for extended periods--often entering a trance-like or euphoric state called "gooning."
Group: Fond of orgies and group sex.
Hands: This person is aroused by hands and appreciates manual methods of stimulation.
Hosting: Can host someone at their place.
Humiliation: A consensual power dynamic where one partner derives pleasure from verbal or physical humiliation.
Hung: Has a large penis.
JO: Prefers self or mutual masturbation over penetration in their sex life.
Kink: Is turned on by something that may not be considered the norm. Can also be described as in opposition to "vanilla" sex.
Kissing: Enjoys kissing.
Latex: Has a sexual preference or desire for latex items, usually apparel and accessories.
Leather: Aroused by and attracted to leather. Also can be one's cultural identity.
Limits: Has limits about what they'll do sexually, and often clarified beforehand and respected.
Lingerie: Interested in wearing, or playing with someone dressed in, feminine undergarments.
Looking: Is currently looking for sex.
Married: Indicates someone is currently married, whether open or discreet about it.
Masc: Has an appearance and/or mannerisms that could be perceived as what’s considered traditionally masculine.
Monogamy: Seeking a monogamous relationship where sexual and romantic aspects are one-to-one only, meaning a relationship with one person, opposed to multiple.
Musk: Attracted to the natural scent of the body, particularly during or after physical activity.
Nipples: Gets aroused when their own nipples, or someone else's nipples, are teased or played with.
NSA: An acronym for “no strings attached,” meaning sex without emotional fidelity without any future expectations.
Nudist: Comfortable with or prefers social nudity, often enjoying clothing-optional spaces.
Nylon: Enjoys wearing, or playing with someone dressed in, nylon or pantyhose.
Oral: Into oral sex.
Piercings: Into body modification, wearing jewelry attached to the body.
Pig: A kink-positive term for someone who enjoys uninhibited, often messy or taboo sex. Embracing raw, wild, or extreme play is the vibe here.
Pits: Enjoys licking and sniffing armpits, or having this done to them.
Poly: Short for “polyamorous,” a type of openly non-monogamous relationship that refers to people who have multiple intimate relationships at the same time.
Public: Having sex in a public place.
Pup: Is the pup in pup play, oftentimes obedient to their handler.
Pupplay: A subset of the “pet play” fetish, where individuals behave and inhabit the headspace of a dog. While the fetish centers around canines, no actual animals are involved.
Quickie: Interested in a brief sexual encounter.
Rimming: Oral stimulation of the anus, also known as "anilingus."
Roleplay: Enjoys playing a character to help bring a sexual fantasy or dynamic to life. Some examples include acting out a teacher/student or doctor/patient experience. 
Rough: Refers to physically rough sexual encounters.
Rubber: Has a sexual preference or desire for rubber apparel and accessories. See also: condoms, condomsonly.
Rugged: Gives the impression of a rough aesthetic. Often used to describe outdoorsy individuals.
Safersex: Prefers safer sex practices, such as condom use, taking PrEP, and/or having an undetectable viral load. Could also indicate a preference not to have penetrative sex.
Sauna: Often known as a social or cruising space in LGBTQ+ communities, typically for relaxation, intimacy, and community building.
Sexting: Flirty and explicit messaging, often with photos or videos, to build sexual connection.
Showoff: Enjoys being an exhibitionist, masturbating and/or showing off their body for others.
Slut: Someone who is open and enthusiastic about sex, often reclaiming the term positively in queer spaces.
Socks: Has a sexual interest in socks, generally including seeing them worn and/or smelling, trading, or otherwise handling them in a sexual context.
Spanking: Is aroused by spanking/flogging.
Spit: Turned on by spit.
Straight: Indicates someone identifies as straight, or is into the idea of hooking up with someone straight.
Sub: Short for “submissive” (and the “S” in BDSM), a sub takes the more compliant role during sex, but isn't always the bottom.
Swallowing: A sexual interest in ingesting semen, often as part of oral play.
Tentacles: Has a sexual interest in tentacles and the creatures that possess them. Tentacles are a sub-genre of hentai, the sexualized genre of Japanese manga and anime.
Thick: Has a husky physique.
Threesome: Open to or interested in sexual experiences involving three people.
Tickling: Finds erotic pleasure in being tickled or tickling others.
Toys: Likes playing with sex toys (such as dildos or vibrators).
UC: An acronym for "uncircumcised." 
Underwear: Has a sexual interest in underwear, potentially a specific cut or kind, which could include seeing them worn, handling, smelling, or otherwise interacting with them in a sexual context.
Vanilla: Interested in sex that may include kissing, masturbating, oral and/or anal sex, but typically without fetishes; may refer to condom use.
Verbal: Enjoys engaging in dirty talk or verbal expression during intimate moments.
Videochat: Enjoys erotic interaction over video.
Visiting: Wants to travel to someone else's place to meet up, or is visiting but doesn't live in the area.
Watching: Enjoys watching someone else have sex.
Worship: Erotic adoration of a particular body part or feature, such as feet, muscles, or more.
Wrestling: Enjoys physical, competitive, or playful wrestling, sometimes as part of sexual play.
WS: Short for “water sports,” meaning this person likes pissing on someone or getting pissed on.
My Hobbies
Anime: Enjoys Japanese animation.
Apres ski: Not just about skiing—this tag’s for those who love the social scene that follows: hot tubs, warm drinks, and cozy vibes after a day on the slopes.
Art: Has an appreciation for art.
Beach: Enjoys hanging out on sandy or pebbly shores.
Brunch: Brunch is a combination of breakfast and lunch eaten during the late morning.
Concerts: Enjoys going to live musical events.
Cooking: Enjoys the culinary arts and preparing food.
Dancing: Enjoys moving their body in a rhythmic way. 
DIY: An acronym for "do it yourself" which is the method of building, modifying, or repairing things by oneself without the direct aid of professionals or certified experts.
Fashion: Enjoys the design and aesthetics of clothing and accessories.
Gaming: Into playing video games.
Gym: For those who prioritize fitness and enjoy working out, whether casually or competitively.
Hiking: Enjoys walking in nature as a recreational activity.
Karaoke: Enjoys singing along to recorded music using a microphone, usually in a club or bar.
Movies: Interest in motion picture, or film.
Music: Enjoys music including live performances.
Naps: Likes sleeping for short periods of time, either alone or with others, usually during the day.
Pickleball: A sport that combines elements of tennis, badminton, and ping-pong, popular for its social and active community.
Popmusic: Enjoys popular music.
Reading: Enjoys reading books.
RPDR: An acronym for the TV show RuPaul's Drag Race.
Tattoos: Into the practice of inserting ink and/or pigments into the skin.
Tennis: Enjoys playing tennis.
Theater: Interested in the collaborative form of performing arts that uses live performers.
Tv: Enjoys watching television.
Weightlifting: Enjoys strength training to develop muscle strength and size.
Workingout: Enjoys exercising as a hobby, usually by going to a gym.
Writing: Enjoys the literary practice of composition.
Yoga: Enjoys the practice of yoga.
My Personality
Adventurous: Interested in new or thrilling experiences sexually or in other areas of their life.
Aquarius: Zodiac sign from January 20 to February 18.
Aries: Zodiac sign from March 21 to April 19.
Cancer: Zodiac sign from June 21 to July 22.
Capricorn: Zodiac sign from December 22 to January 19.
Catperson: Is a cat owner or is someone who loves cats. 
Chill: Has a relaxed, easy-going personality.
Confident: Feels or shows confidence in themself; self-assured.
Curious: Interested in trying new sexual activities, can also include curiosity around openness to gender in a partner (e.g. bi-curious).
Direct: Is an honest and open, straightforward person.
Dogperson: Is a dog owner or is someone who loves dogs.
Fun: Loves to have a good time sexually and has a playful outlook on life.
Gemini: Zodiac sign from May 21 to June 21.
Goofy: Has a foolish or harmlessly eccentric personality.
Kind: Has a good or benevolent nature or disposition.
Leo: Zodiac sign from July 23 to August 22.
Libra: Zodiac sign from September 23 to October 22.
Loyal: Is giving or shows constant support to other people.
Mature: An older user; someone who acts grown-up when interacting with others.
Outgoing: Friendly and socially confident.
Parent: Has children.
Pisces: Zodiac sign from February 19 to March 20.
Reliable: Consistent, dependable person.
Romantic: A person with romantic beliefs and/or interests.
Sagittarius: Zodiac sign from November 22 to December 21.
Scorpio: Zodiac sign from October 23 to November 21.
Shy: Reserved, or having or showing nervousness or timidity.
Taurus: Zodiac sign from April 20 to May 20.
Unicorn: In a relationship, a unicorn is a person who joins a couple, either for a single sexual encounter as a threesome or for a longer-term relationship.
Virgo: Zodiac sign from August 23 to September 22.
My Other Tags
Bear: A thick, hairy man.
Beard: The hair that grows on a person's face.
Bi: Short for bisexual. Has an attraction to more than one gender.
Chub: Considers themselves to be chubby.
Cleancut: Gives the appearance of neatness.
College: Currently attending college.
Couple: Two individuals in a partnership, possibly looking for a third.
Cub: Is a smaller, (typically) younger version of a bear.
Cuddling: Is looking to snuggle and maybe get into some heavy petting. Folks with this tag are not necessarily looking to have sex.
Daddy: Is an older, mature man with strong provider energy; can also mean someone younger but with masculine or dominant energy.
Dating: Wants to go out for dinner, drinks or coffee, not just sex.
Drag: Is a drag queen or king or is someone who is a fan of drag.
Drugfree: Doesn't use drugs.
Femme: Shorthand for “feminine”. This person’s appearance and/or mannerisms could be perceived as what’s considered traditionally feminine.
FTM: Stands for “female-to-male.” A transgender man—someone assigned female at birth who identifies as male. Used as both an identity and descriptive tag.
Friends: Seeking platonic connections, typically without sex.
Gaymer: A gay video game lover.
Geek: Identifies as a nerd.
Hairy: Has a lot of body hair.
Jock: In good physical shape; may also indicate they play, or have played, sports. 
Lesbian: Anyone who identifies as a woman and is attracted to other women.
LTR: An acronym for “long-term relationship."
Military: Served or currently serves in the military, or someone into military roleplay or gear fetish.
MTF: Stands for “male-to-female.” A transgender woman—someone assigned male at birth who identifies as female. Used as both an identity and descriptive tag.
Muscle: Has visibly noticeable muscles; is physically fit.
Nosmoking: Interested in someone who doesn't smoke cigarettes. 
Otter: A slim, hairy person.
Pic4pic: Will trade pictures, and expects to receive one in exchange for sending their own.
Poz: Is HIV positive.
Sissy: A term for someone considered feminine. Someone who self-identifies as a sissy is likely aroused by its implicit degradation.
Smooth: Is either naturally hairless, or shaves their body hair.
Sober: Doesn't drink alcohol. May refer to drug use as well.
T4T: A trans person who is primarily or exclusively seeking connections with other trans people.
Trans: Short for “transgender,” meaning their gender identity does not match the sex they were assigned at birth. Does not specify any expectations around steps they have taken physically such as reassignment or replacement hormone therapy.
Twink: Has youthful, boyish qualities (usually around 18-25).
Twunk: Has youthful, boyish facial qualities (usually around 18-25) and the physique of a hunk.